this spray can apparently make anything
waterproof so I'm going to see if I can
waterproof my entire body so first let
me show you how it works with some
kitchen roll it's essentially spraying
out silicon dioxide which forms an
invisible oleophobic barrier on the
surface that you're targeting so now
leave it to dry for 10 minutes so this
is how normal kitchen roll reacts to
water it's soaking wear because it's
designed to absorb water what about our
treated kitchen roll oh my God it
actually works it doesn't matter how
much water I put onto that bone dry
right now it's time to try on me we're
literally going to throw a massive
bucket of water all over me so if this
works I'll be blown away I should
probably take this off so I'm not
waterproofing my lungs so this is
actually primarily designed for Footwear
to extend the lifespan of your shoes and
stop you soiling them on the first day
now for the moment I've been dreading
although the paper towel does give me a
little bit of Hope 3 2 1
go did that work so it partially worked
but I would not recommend this for
clothing